# Real-Time-Melody-Player

The significance of Real-Time Systems in the modern world is so huge that most modern-day machinery is dependent on them. From mobile phones to supercomputers, almost every device works based on real-time programming. Studies and life experiences have proved that it is equally important to consider the time at which the results are produced, along with the logical results of the operation. However, in the modern world no system can achieve all the tasks on its own. The performance will always be better if a real time system could interact with other systems and function as a whole and the task scheduling will also become easier. In this project, we are trying to implement a dependable real time system by playing the 'Brother John' melody using 3 MD407 boards, all of them running concurrently. We use C programming with the TinyTimber library included in it, which gives Object Oriented Programming add-on. During programming, it is made sure that the basic CORT(Concurrent, Object Oriented, Reactive and Timing aware) features are taken care of. Concurrency is achieved through tasks implemented in the code. The methods are invoked only when they are asked to use inputs from the keyboard and the timing constraints are looked upon to get the desired output
In the given list of files,all the functionalities of the melody player are configured in application.c file where the setup of the device, the environment and the CAN protocol are configured in the other included files.
